feat: update readme (#2779)
opossum-tool/OpossumUI: README.md

![logo](docs/logo.png)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/opossum-tool/opossumUI/blob/main/LICENSES/Apache-2.0.txt)
[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/git.fsfe.org/reuse/api)](https://api.reuse.software/info/git.fsfe.org/reuse/api)
[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/opossum-tool/opossumUI)](https://github.com/opossum-tool/opossumUI/releases/latest)
![build workflow](https://github.com/opossum-tool/opossumUI/actions/workflows/check-code-quality.yml/badge.svg)
![build workflow](https://github.com/opossum-tool/opossumUI/actions/workflows/build-and-e2e-test.yml/badge.svg)

# Introduction

OpossumUI is a tool to

- explore open-source software components used in applications
- review open-source licenses contained in codebases
- generate reports from an open-source code scan

## Features

> - use of multiple scanners (open-source and/or proprietary)

Reviewer: Maybe:
"use data from multiple scanners (open-source and/or proprietary)"
When merge is landed, we can change to 
"combine data ..."

> - integrates with [OSS Review Toolkit](https://github.com/oss-review-toolkit/ort), [ScanCode](https://github.com/aboutcode-org/scancode-toolkit) and others

Reviewer: This line has a different subject than the others. What about:
"integration with OSS..."

- unified interface for browsing scanner evidence
- simple navigation through the codebase's file tree
- create attributions for individual files or groups

![screenshots_of_the_ui](./docs/screenshots_of_the_ui.gif)

## Use cases

- Performing audits for open-source license compliance

> - Producing legal docs such as inventory (BOMs) and license conflicts that need to be remediated

Reviewer: "Producing [...] and license conflicts"
Is "license conflict" a technical term here? Does opossumUI "produce" these?
What about:
```
- Producing legal docs such as inventory (BOMs)
- Remediating license conflicts
```
Or "Finding license conflicts that need to be remediated"

> - OpossumUI can be used to visually inspect (QA) existing attributions, identify any false positives or incorrect

Reviewer: To keep the same pattern:
```suggestion
- Visually inspecting existing attributions to identify any false positives or incorrect attributions (QA)
- Improving existing data by manual edits
```
